Australian Open 2018 Men's Singles Ceremony
Video url: https://youtu.be/HysgiQT5_eI

MC:
Ladies and gentlemen, in this 50th Australian Open and the 200th Grand Slam tournament of the open era, what a match to decide the Australian Open champion for 2018. Let’s hear it for our finalists Marin Cilic and Roger Federer.

Marin and Roger thank you. Can I acknowledge her excellency the honorable Linda de Soto governor of Victoria and the Premier of Victoria Daniel Andrews and our other distinguished guests here tonight. Joining us for tonight’s presentation is Tennis Australia president and chair, Jayne Hrdlicka, chief operating officer of Kia Motors Australia, Damien Meredith and four-time Grand Slam champion Ashley Cooper, who celebrates 60 years since his back-to-back Australian Open titles. Ladies and Gentlemen, please put your hands together for Ashley Cooper.

Soon ladies and gentlemen, we will ask Ashley to present the Norman Brookes Challenge Cup to our champion also with us tonight tournament director Craig Tiley and tournament referee Wayne McEwen. We thank them for their outstanding work over the past 2 weeks.

Well ladies and gentlemen, as we know by looking around the court and indeed looking around Melbourne Park, Kia have been outstanding supporters of the Australian Open and indeed tennis generally for a considerable amount of time and it is my pleasure now to introduce Damien Meredith from Kia. Ladies and gentlemen, Damien Meredith.

Damien:
To Roger, and I think the world is running out of superlatives to describe you so congratulations and well done. Yesterday Tennis Australia and Kia Motors signed a five-year deal to extend the major sponsorship of the Australian Open.

Obviously we are very proud of that and it takes us through to 2023. To join Craig, everyone at Tennis Australia, and the wonderful volunteers you make this the greatest Grand Slam by a mile. Congratulations and well done.

And finally without the fans this is just an ordinary place to be. You make it great so thank you very much, and we’ll see you next year.

MC:
Thank you very much Damien. Ladies and gentlemen, it gives me a great pleasure now to introduce you to Tennis Australia president and chair. Please make her welcome once again, Jayne Hrdlicka.

Jayne:
Another great final tonight and a huge thank you to both Marin and Roger for what was an outstanding match.

And Marin I will echo Damien’s words. You are a great athlete, you are a fantastic champion, and it just didn’t get there tonight. Congratulations on a great match.

And Roger what a performance. You are an inspiration to so many people around the world. You work so hard, your passion is evident and your commitment to excellence in everything you do really is an extraordinary thing to watch. So thank you very much an extraordinary match tonight. And on behalf of all your fans around the world, your fans in the stadium tonight who are considerable, and the entire Australian tennis family, we congratulate you on not only your Grand Slam tonight but on achieving your 20th Grand Slam in your history.

And to Craig and the entire family at Tennis Australia, what an amazing tournament you’ve delivered. Record attendance, 743667 people attending the event.

To Kia, our great sponsor over 17 years, we look forward to another five. Thank you to Emirates, to Jacob’s Creek, to ANZ bank, and to all of our sponsors. We couldn’t do this without you and your continued support makes all the difference to us, thank you.

And to the Victorian Government, we have such an extraordinary facility. Thanks to the vision of government’s past and present. The ongoing commitment to redevelopment of Melbourne Park is obvious to everyone here. Next year will be even better and more sophisticated in the way we deliver this extraordinary events. We look forward to seeing you all then.

And to our fans around the world in here tonight. Well you just make this event, so you rock. Thank you.

MC:
Thank you Jayne and Jayne if I can ask you to come forward once again to make a special presentation, a gift tonight to our chair umpire. Please acknowledge, ladies and gentlemen, from United States, Jake Garner. Thank you Jake and a job well done.

Now gives me great pleasure to invite Damien Meredith to come forward and present the check and Ashley Cooper to present the trophy to our runner-up. Already ladies and gentlemen, a Grand Slam champion who has had I’m sure you will agree a wonderful fortnight. He knocked out the world number one on his way to his first Australian Open final and tomorrow he will reach a career-high world number three ranking. Ladies and gentlemen, from Croatia, Marin Cilic.

Marin:
Well first of all, big congratulations to Roger and his team. It’s amazing what you guys do year after year and Ivan to you, too, Severin, all you guys really well done and all the best for 2018.

It was an amazing journey for me to come here to the final. It could have been the best 2 weeks of my life but today was a tough match. I had a slight chance in that beginning of the fifth but really Roger played great great fifth set and I want to thank my team, you guys are unbelievable during these two weeks.

We started this year amazingly well, we worked hard for it and hopefully we are gonna reach many Grand Slam finals and we are gonna be lifting these trophies in future.

At the end I really want to congratulate the tournament. It’s amazing what you guys do from Craig to the rest of the team, from volunteers, from ball boys, referees, drivers. You know the people in the restaurants. It’s amazing how guys you are so kind and it’s just a privilege to be here and it was my honor to play here in front of you, all of you for this final, and I hope I’m going to be playing here for many years to come.

And really thank you for your support. It was just amazing and also thank you to my fans at home. It was another final in just six months but I hope this 2018 is gonna be amazing year. Thank you guys

MC:
Congratulations Marin, thank you for a wonderful two weeks of tennis.

So ladies and gentlemen to our winner, and tonight he contest the record 30th grand slam final in his record seventh Australian Open final. He is now one a record equaling sixth Australian Open title, and as we have heard in the process has become the first men to win an astonishing twenty Grand Slam titles.

Ladies and gentlemen, to receive the Norman Brookes Challenge Cup, from Switzerland, the beloved all-over-the-world, a champion for 2018, Roger Federer.

Roger:
I am so happy, it is unbelievable, it is a long day waiting for the finals. It is easier one it’s in the afternoon time, you sleep you go out there you play you do your best and that’s it, but when it’s at night you think about the match all day and it’s just tough. So I am happy it’s all over now either way. But of course winning is just an absolute dream come true, the fairytale continues for us, for me. Of the great year I had last year, it’s incredible. Of course I’d like to thank Marin, another great tournament. Congratulations on world number three, that’s a relevant achievement and I wish you all the best. Keep doing what you are doing and achieve more.

We had a wonderful time here in Australia started in Perth we arrived last year still here. So it’s been a long journey but very much worthwhile, we had the best time as a family, and as a team, so thank you very much for just making it so special. Like Marin said, you guys are unbelievable.

Like to thank everybody in the tournament, volunteers, you guys have some of the best volunteers in the world. I remembered that at Sydney Olympics, that’s when I realized how much you guys love what you do and it makes our stay here versus at the Australian Open so much more worthwhile, and then of course all the sponsors, this beautiful arena, Rocket Rod Laver nice to see you again. Ashley Cooper thanks for presenting the trophy it’s an absolute honor to be here again and all the other legends in the commentary booth around the stadium. It’s always a celebration of tennis when the tournament comes to an end so I just want to thank all the people who made this night so special for both players and all the fans out here tonight.

And you guys, you filled the stadium, you make me nervous, you make me go out and practice, and just like to thank you for everything.

wouldn’t be the same without you guys, thank you. Marin’s team as well. You guys work hard, all the best, and my team, thank you.

MC:
Roger I think you know what you mean to everybody here in Australia and we know how special it is with Rod Laver taking a selfie of this moment. Ladies and Gentlemen, what a humble and worthy and deserving champion. We acknowledge the great tournament again from Marin Cilic and we congratulate 20 time Grand Slam champion Roger Federer.

Ladies and Gentlemen, those conclude our official presentation. There will be a photo opportunity and then Roger will be completing a lap of honor with the Norman Brookes Challenge Cup. Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you very much for your attendance and your attention at this conclusion of a wonderful 2018 Australian Open.
